Add `useSignalEffect` to the API list (#993)
preactjs/preact-www: content/en/guide/v10/signals.md

// Logs: "Hello John"
```

> When using effects tracking signals within a component, use the hook variant: `useSignalEffect(fn)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When responding to signal changes within a component, use the hook variant: `useSignalEffect(fn)`.
```

Just trying to match the language used for `effect()` here
